Competition

	There are two existing products that are similar to our product. Blackboard and Piazza. Blackboard lacks a search engine and only allows users from UTSC to have access to courses currently being taught or taken (depending on user). While piazza does have a search engine, it suffers from only being able to search for threads from the same class. Our product will allow all users to search for any kind of academic information from UTSC while being efficient and easy to use. This is better for all of its users.
	Students will have the ability to explore courses of their interest or get ahead in their studies as they will have access to all academic information. This will also allow for students to review notes from taken courses. Searching through threads could give valuable foresight on how to solve questions. Professors will be able to easily align lectures with other professors teaching the same course. Professors would have the option to reuse course information from previous years. users outside of UTSC will be able to view academic posts.
	Blackboard most likely didn't give public access to academic information to keep it private for the professors and students in a course. To implement the features our product is offering, Blackboard would need to allow access to all of its information and implement a search engine that would be able to efficiently bring up relevant data. it would also need to improve on its discussion board section.
	Piazza offers a forum for current courses. This sort of information would only be helpful to students and professors in the course at that time. They would need to allow for public access to all of their forums and design a search engine which would bring up relevant course forums.
