Competition

    There are two existing products that are similar to our product. Blackboard and Piazza. Blackboard lacks a search engine and only allows users from UTSC to have access to courses currently being taught or taken (depending on user). While piazza does have a search engine, it suffers from the same problem of exclusively only allowing users taking a course at a certain time to access that forum. Our product will allow all users to search for any kind of academic information from any point in time from UTSC while being efficient and easy to use. This is better for all of its users.
    Students will have the ability to explore courses of their interest or get ahead in their studies as they will have access to all academic information. This will also allow for students to review notes from taken courses. Professors will be able to easily align lectures with other professors teaching the same course. Users outside of UTSC will be able to view academic posts.
    Blackboard most likely didn't give public access to academic information to keep it  private for the professors and students in a course. A student could get confused with which notes to read if they had to search for it. Professors could get lost with what they have and have not posted. To implement the features our product is offering, Blackboard would need to create public access to all of its information and implement a search engine which would be able to efficiently bring up relevant data.
    Piazza offers a forum for current courses. This sort of information would only be helpful to students and professors in the course at that time and thus would not be productive to have random people joining in. They would need to allow for public access to all their forums and design a search engine which would bring up relevant course forums.

